README.md, before:

# Pentesting

A collection of penetration testing write-ups & resources for PSP0201 from yours truly - *Potatoes & Tomatoes*

## Red Teaming

### Online Tools

- [CyberChef](https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/)
- [Steganography - A list of useful tools and resources](https://0xrick.github.io/lists/stego/)
- [Wappalyzer](https://www.wappalyzer.com/)
- [Wayback Machine](https://archive.org/web/)
- [Using Github to find company repos](https://github.com/)
- [Reverse Shell Generator](https://www.revshells.com/)

#### S3 Buckets

*S3 Buckets are a storage service provided by Amazon AWS, allowing people to save files and even static website content in the cloud accessible over HTTP and HTTPS. Sometimes these access permissions are incorrectly set and inadvertently allow access to files that shouldn't be available to the public.*

S3 Buckets link format: `http(s)://{name}.s3.amazonaws.com` where `{name}` is set by the owner. Common names used are `{name}-assets`, `{name}-www`, `{name}-public`, `{name}-private`, etc.

### Payload Repos

- [SQL Injection Payload List](https://github.com/payloadbox/sql-injection-payload-list)
- [Payloads All The Things](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings)

### Cheat Sheets

- [Basic Linux Privilege Escalation Guide](https://blog.g0tmi1k.com/2011/08/basic-linux-privilege-escalation/)
- [SQLMap Cheat Sheet](https://www.security-sleuth.com/sleuth-blog/2017/1/3/sqlmap-cheat-sheet)
- [Favicon database](https://wiki.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_favicon_database)

### Exploit Databases/Collections

- [GTFOBins](https://gtfobins.github.io/)
- [Searchsploit (CLI for searching Exploit-DB)](https://www.exploit-db.com/searchsploit)
- [Exploit-DB](https://www.exploit-db.com/)
- [Rapid7](https://www.rapid7.com/)
- [AttackerKB](https://attackerkb.com/)
- [CVE](https://www.cve.org/)
- [CVE(migrating)](https://cve.mitre.org/)
- [Google Hacking Database](https://www.exploit-db.com/google-hacking-database)
- [NVD](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/search)
- [Dirty COW](https://dirtycow.ninja/)

### Password Hash Crackers

- [CrackStation](https://crackstation.net/)
- [Md5 Decrypt & Encrypt](https://md5decrypt.net/en/)
- [Hashes.com](https://hashes.com/en/decrypt/hash)

### Kali Linux Resources

- [Kali Tools](https://www.kali.org/tools/)
- [Kali Docs](https://www.kali.org/docs/)
- [Kali Forums](https://forums.kali.org/)

### CLI Tools

- nmap
- wget (Downloading files)
- seclists (Collection of security lists)
- exiftools (Metadata viewer)
- netcat
- gobuster
- wfuzz
- sqlmap
- xfreerdp (Remote Desktop)
- metasploit
- ftp (File Transfer Protocol)

### Applications

- BurpSuite
- Firefox (Dev Tools)
- OWASP ZAP
- Wireshark (Network Monitor)

### Web Exploitation Knowledge

#### GET Parameters

Given a URL: `http://10.10.10.10/dashboard.php?profile=154`. We could use the GET parameter `profile` to find the dashboard of other users on the site. Some examples:

- `http://10.10.10.10/dashboard.php?profile=100`
- `http://10.10.10.10/dashboard.php?profile=364`
- `http://10.10.10.10/dashboard.php?profile=934`

## Blue Teaming

I'll include this in a different section since it is technically different compared to red teaming but the two are generally interrelated to each other.

Commit message:

Add: File uploads exploit explanation

README.md, after:

# Pentesting

A collection of penetration testing write-ups & resources for PSP0201 from yours truly - *Potatoes & Tomatoes*

## Red Teaming

### Online Tools

- [CyberChef](https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef/)
- [Steganography - A list of useful tools and resources](https://0xrick.github.io/lists/stego/)
- [Wappalyzer](https://www.wappalyzer.com/)
- [Wayback Machine](https://archive.org/web/)
- [Using Github to find company repos](https://github.com/)
- [Reverse Shell Generator](https://www.revshells.com/)

#### S3 Buckets

*S3 Buckets are a storage service provided by Amazon AWS, allowing people to save files and even static website content in the cloud accessible over HTTP and HTTPS. Sometimes these access permissions are incorrectly set and inadvertently allow access to files that shouldn't be available to the public.*

S3 Buckets link format: `http(s)://{name}.s3.amazonaws.com` where `{name}` is set by the owner. Common names used are `{name}-assets`, `{name}-www`, `{name}-public`, `{name}-private`, etc.

### Payload Repos

- [SQL Injection Payload List](https://github.com/payloadbox/sql-injection-payload-list)
- [Payloads All The Things](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings)

### Cheat Sheets

- [Basic Linux Privilege Escalation Guide](https://blog.g0tmi1k.com/2011/08/basic-linux-privilege-escalation/)
- [SQLMap Cheat Sheet](https://www.security-sleuth.com/sleuth-blog/2017/1/3/sqlmap-cheat-sheet)
- [Favicon database](https://wiki.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_favicon_database)

### Exploit Databases/Collections

- [GTFOBins](https://gtfobins.github.io/)
- [Searchsploit (CLI for searching Exploit-DB)](https://www.exploit-db.com/searchsploit)
- [Exploit-DB](https://www.exploit-db.com/)
- [Rapid7](https://www.rapid7.com/)
- [AttackerKB](https://attackerkb.com/)
- [CVE](https://www.cve.org/)
- [CVE(migrating)](https://cve.mitre.org/)
- [Google Hacking Database](https://www.exploit-db.com/google-hacking-database)
- [NVD](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/search)
- [Dirty COW](https://dirtycow.ninja/)

### Password Hash Crackers

- [CrackStation](https://crackstation.net/)
- [Md5 Decrypt & Encrypt](https://md5decrypt.net/en/)
- [Hashes.com](https://hashes.com/en/decrypt/hash)

### Kali Linux Resources

- [Kali Tools](https://www.kali.org/tools/)
- [Kali Docs](https://www.kali.org/docs/)
- [Kali Forums](https://forums.kali.org/)

### CLI Tools

- nmap
- wget (Downloading files)
- seclists (Collection of security lists)
- exiftools (Metadata viewer)
- netcat
- gobuster
- wfuzz
- sqlmap
- xfreerdp (Remote Desktop)
- metasploit
- ftp (File Transfer Protocol)

### Applications

- BurpSuite
- Firefox (Dev Tools)
- OWASP ZAP
- Wireshark (Network Monitor)

### Web Exploitation Knowledge

#### GET Parameters

Given a URL: `http://10.10.10.10/dashboard.php?profile=154`. We could use the GET parameter `profile` to find the dashboard of other users on the site. Some examples:

- `http://10.10.10.10/dashboard.php?profile=100`
- `http://10.10.10.10/dashboard.php?profile=364`
- `http://10.10.10.10/dashboard.php?profile=934`

#### File Uploads

If file uploads are poorly implemented it is possible to bypass the file type restrictions. If the file upload only accept image file types you may be able to bypass the file type restrictions by using the extension `.jpg.{actual filetype}`. For example, `.jpg.php`

## Blue Teaming

I'll include this in a different section since it is technically different compared to red teaming but the two are generally interrelated to each other.
